This is A SOCKET PROJECT.
AUTHOR:BOYUAN WANG

In this project, l created one client, one monitor, one aws server and three backend servers.
Then l connected aws server with three backend servers through UDP protocol.
Also l connected client with aws server using TCP, the same way between aws server and monitor.

During running, the aws starts before the monitor.
step 1. The client sends data with 3 parameters to the aws server.
step 2. The aws server sends the linkid to server A and B to check if it exists in their databases.
step 3. The server A and B send back the searching results.
step 4. The aws server decides whether to send the data futrher to server C.
        if one of A or B exists, the aws sends the data to C.(including length,velocity,bandwidth and filesize)
        and the server C returns the calculation results(Tp and Tt).
step 5. The aws sends back the result to the client and monitor both.
finally the client receives the result and becomes offline but all others are still running.


functions of each part:
aws  : setup the TCP connection
       receive the parameters from the client
       send to A and B through UDP
       receive from A and B
       send to C and receive the result from C if necessary
       send back the results to client and monitor

serverA & B: receive the linkid from aws server 
             search if it exists
             if exists return back the bandwidth,length and velocity
             else return negative

server C: receive the parameters(filesize, bandwidth,length and velocity) from aws server
          calculate and return back the Tp and Tt

monitor:  receive the parameters(linkid, filesize and power) from aws server
          receive the final search or calculation result from aws server

client: send the parameters(linkid, filesize and power) to aws server
        receive the final search or calculation result from aws server


reused code like:
"getaddrinfo(..,..,&hints,&servinfo);"
and for loop like
"for(p = s;p!= NULL;p = p->ai_next)"
Used by referrence from beej website. "http://beej.us/guide/bgnet/examples/client.c"
It is used to find a part of address for socket to set up TCP or UDP in order to make socket.



